You don't want to say
Or the top gifter won't let you say
Don't think how noble you are
You're just a bitch who gets dumped by others
I at least have the courage to admit that I have my back on Wang Rongchang
You don't even have the courage to admit it
He said you were right.
I'm just a lover of Zhong Lianjin
It's just self-humiliation to say it
Xiao Xu, I just pulled you back to your live streaming host position.
Think about those things in the past?
What scandal will happen if you go on like this?
Our "Financial News" designation is over
Ah director
I cleaned up the Asian Union after graduating from college
I don't know my character anymore
That's true. That's true.
As for his face
It's his fault
I also believe that this Yanjing will never be so cruel to him for me
Because I don't know who it is.
If you win, pick it up.
Yue Luo, why don't you fire him?
I'll call the police
I said that Bo Wei, the heroine of Second Company, has not been willing to harm her colleagues
Since I can't get this result
Then let's all destroy together
Xiao Xu
Do you think about what happened before?
I can't be ashamed because of you at this time.
Say who that person is
See? He's guilty.
Thank you for believing him so much
He took you for fools.
I never gave up my job, even when it was easy.
That Zhou Yanjing
To protect your reputation
I'm doing my best. Okay.
For the reputation of the Allianz Tower
I quit.
And so forth.